hanging says plan dining sets now in
pots and grow a few crops before spring
time before the weather is nice outside
I always take a pot take it and fill it
maybe four inches of dirt on the bottom
take your writing sets take the bigger
ones in the first crop and then you're
going to fit about 20 of them in here
put them to pot the pot follow the ball
just fill it up get them all put in
there points up points up don't forget
points up the roots down I plant them
this deep because the deeper you plant
them the more roots the more green you
get the more white stuff on the
scallions so we fill it up use the
bigger ones to get bigger scallions that
way the smaller ones I use in my garden
and I plant them very shallow to grow
big dry onions so then after you got
them all in your points up then just
cover them up use good potting soil no
reason to to skimp on the old family
recipe you put heavy dirt in there they
might right before they grow and I'm
going to water them water been good and
I'm going to leave them inside where
it's warm sunny and warm doesn't have to
be sunny either they'll start to grow
they'll get roots on them and in a
couple weeks maybe even more than less
than that it'll start shooting up little
green then put them outside and cool in
the cool on the warm side of your house
don't put them where they'll freeze they
can take a lot of cold they'll be okay
plant one buck in a week so you get 30
onions every week when you start
harvesting them and you won't get hurt
heartburn if you plant this whole bag
and you got to eat a model and they're
ready you're going to have to have a big
party to get rid of them all check back
in a couple weeks and see how they're
doing we'll send out a email every and
let you know on our progress of our
engine sets and some other
stuff we're going to do
you